Welcome to UCTech!

This is a community of technical professionals supporting the mission of the University of California.

Please be considerate and respectful in your communications here. Be mindful about the information you are sharing and refrain from posting any information that might be considered confidential or protected. See http://security.ucop.edu/ for more information

If you need help using UCTech, please visit https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Cdtv7S8qzOczJMMuR6dbgtaQ0kd4KpMS_bIp8XDYTQ/edit?usp=sharing

Code of Conduct from The Code Manifesto (http://codemanifesto.com/)

Discrimination limits us. This includes discrimination on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, nationality, technology and any other arbitrary exclusion of a group of people.

Boundaries honor us. Your comfort levels are not everyone’s comfort levels. Remember that, and if brought to your attention, heed it.
We are our biggest assets. None of us were born masters of our trade. Each of us has been helped along the way. Return that favor, when and where you can.

We are resources for the future. As an extension of #3, share what you know. Make yourself a resource to help those that come after you.

Respect defines us. Treat others as you wish to be treated. Make your discussions, criticisms and debates from a position of respectfulness. Ask yourself, is it true? Is it necessary? Is it constructive? Anything less is unacceptable.

Reactions require grace. Angry responses are valid, but abusive language and vindictive actions are toxic. When something happens that offends you, handle it assertively, but be respectful. Escalate reasonably, and try to allow the offender an opportunity to explain themselves, and possibly correct the issue.

Opinions are just that: opinions. Each and every one of us, due to our background and upbringing, have varying opinions. That is perfectly acceptable. Remember this: if you respect your own opinions, you should respect the opinions of others.

To err is human. You might not intend it, but mistakes do happen and contribute to build experience. Tolerate honest mistakes, and don't hesitate to apologize if you make one yourself.

Welcome to the community and contribute!
